I went on a trip to India
Chapter 2
The friend I work with there
Chapter 3
brought me sacks full of passports
Chapter 4
actual sacks
Chapter 5
with several thousand passports
Chapter 6
that he placed before me
Chapter 7
Certainly it was about who paid him most
Chapter 8
He’d come to the office in the morning
Chapter 9
he had ash or drawings here
Chapter 10
related to his religion
Chapter 11
He’d be painted orange here
Chapter 12
with a thing on his head
Chapter 13
and take a seat
Chapter 14
And the people who’d come see him
Chapter 15
would trust him more
Chapter 16
Like a Hajj here, who has a beard, prays
Chapter 17
he took advantage of this in his work
Chapter 18
So… he was quite ruthless
Chapter 19
If a girl came to him wanting to travel today
Chapter 20
and paid more than the girl
Chapter 21
already waiting 20 days
Chapter 22
she’d travel immediately
Chapter 23
So we’d match up the girls…
Chapter 24
this one with that person
Chapter 25
this same one with someone else
Chapter 26
They were all here
Chapter 27
but each using another woman’s passport
Chapter 28
So that the one who paid most, traveled first
Chapter 29
And he had connections…
Chapter 30
connections there at general security, the airport
Chapter 31
everywhere related to the authorities
Chapter 32
And he didn’t care
Chapter 33
so long as he got paid